(static buzzing)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(ominous music)
(birds chirping)
- I'm wondering if the President's aware
of this phenomenon and if the White House
wants to say anything to
discourage these types of crimes.
- I don't know that the
President has been briefed
on this particular situation.
This is something that I've read about
in some of the news coverage.
Obviously. you know. this was a situation
that local law enforcement
authorities take quite seriously
and they should carefully
and thoroughly review
perceived threats to the
safety of the community.
- There's someone out there.
- You saw it?
- Yes!
- [Man] Hello?
Clown?
(feet running)
(girl screaming)
Hey!
- Scott. no. Scott!
Oh my God. oh my God.
oh my God. oh my God!
Oh my God. Emily. Emily. what. Emily?
Where are you?
Emily. where are you?
Emily. oh my God. oh my God.
oh my God. Emily. Emily!
Oh Emily. oh my God. oh my God.
Help!
Oh my God. oh my God.
(screaming)
No. no. oh my God. oh my God!
No!
Help. somebody help me!
Help!
Somebody help me!
Scott. Scott!
Oh my God. Scott. help!
Somebody. somebody help me. Scott!
Scott. no!
Help!
(smashing)
(tense music)
- [Man] Hey!
Hey. what the hell?
What are you doing?
The fuck. man!
Get off me!
Get!
(man screaming)
(punching)
- [Woman] I think it's on the right.
- [Man] On the right.
How long has it been
since you've been here?
- [Woman] Probably about 10 years.
- 10 years?
- Yeah.
- [Man] Fuck. is it always
this fucking quiet out here?
- [Woman] Kinda.
- [Man] You okay?
- [Woman] Yeah. thanks for coming with me.
- [Man] Sure.
- [Woman] Okay.
(car beeping)
Can you hold it?
- [Man] Yeah. I got it.
(chainsaw revving)
- Holy shit!
- Is this a joke?
- [Woman] Holy shit. holy shit.
- [Man] Run. go. go!
(woman screaming)
Shit!
(shouting)
Run Cindy. run!
(Cindy sobbing)
- Shit. shit.
911. yes. help me. emergency.
Thank God. thank God.
(ominous music)
Yes!
(Cindy screaming)
(static buzzing)
- What are you doing?
- [Jessica] I have a surprise for you.
- Is that right?
- Mm-hmm.
- What's that?
- Look right there?
- What do we got here?
I like the pink wrapping.
- Mm-hmm.
- Nice.
Ooh.
This is like a legit Hollywood slate.
- Mm-hmm.
- Behind the Sightings.
That's that clown documentary. right?
- Yep.
- Oh my gosh. look at this.
(slate clapping)
Wait. you do after. you do it after right?
- Yeah. I think so.
- Okay.
Beyond the sightings. take one.
- [Jessica] Very serious.
very director like. I love it.
- Yeah. Todd Smith. director. camera two.
But there's only one camera.
- [Jessica] Not anymore.
my mom gave me the money.
We can do our movie!
- Oh my gosh.
- Come check it out.
- You're amazing.
- It's right here.
- Look at that. you!
(kissing)
You are so freaking amazing.
- Thank you.
And your Mom.
This is freaking awesome.
- I know.
- Let's do it. you wanna go?
- What. like right now?
- Yeah. let's take out this thing.
We gotta go and try it out.
- Well. I was thinking of
something else for today.
- What's going on?
- We can start tomorrow.
I have another surprise.
- I like the idea.
- Yeah.
- Scene one.
- Alright.
- Shot one.
- Take one.
- [Todd] Is that right?
Pretty sure.
- You want me to do it?
Do you wanna do it?
You're the director.
There you go.
- Okay. Behind the Sightings.
scene one. take one.
It's just like a little thing here.
- Got it?
- Yeah.
- Okay. all right.
Hi. I'm Jessica Smith and
this is Behind the Sightings.
We are gonna be
investigating clown sightings
that have happened all over the US
and in some cases. all across the world.
And we're gonna get to the bottom of that
and see what's behind it all.
Do you like that?
- [Todd] No. do a little more.
- Yeah?
Now when most people think of clowns
they usually think of
birthday parties or a circus.
but this year clown sightings
have rocked the entire country
from South Carolina to
California to Texas.
No one knows why they've
been spotted in cities.
near woods and near children playing.
Now. we're gonna investigate
and get to the bottom of this epidemic.
So join us as we research the sightings.
document as much as we can here
and try to get to the
bottom of the mystery.
You liked it?
- It's awesome.
Alright!
(Jessica giggling)
(acoustic guitar strumming)
- Are you gonna play something for me?
- You become obsessed like.
- What?
(Todd mumbling)
Well what's the point of making this
if I can't show off your mad skills?
- There's no mad skills.
- [Jessica] I think you
should put something in
about my humor and my brain
and just generally how
amazing you find me also.
♪ You make me laugh. you make me cry ♪
♪ Jessica ♪
I don't want make you cry.
- You're into that. come on.
Okay. that's it. come on.
- [Jessica] Okay. okay. alright.
- Alright. thank you.
- Hey guys. so I just thought
I'd give you an update
on what we've been doing.
We have been researching
the clown sightings
and it is crazy.
It is so much bigger than we thought.
I mean. there've been sightings
pretty much everywhere.
And what we did because we're
getting a little disorganized
is we turned our office into
this really cool war room.
You can see Todd right in
there just working away.
He's been in there like six hours.
It's getting obsessive.
Hey babe?
- Yeah.
- [Jessica] Is it okay if I
come in there for a minute
and you can kind of update
people on what you found?
- Sure.
Sorry. let me just finish this real quick.
- [Jessica] I'll wait. I'll wait.
- Just finishing this email.
- [Jessica] Mm-hmm.
- So basically. I've-
- Sorry. one sec.
Can you look directly into
camera just to kind of
you know. update the audience direct.
I mean. you're a director.
now you have to entertain.
- Okay. so just a quick update.
I've been looking on the
internet. using it as a tool.
looking up police reports.
news media. and social media
trying to connect these sightings.
What I've found is these
sightings have happened
almost everywhere in America.
They've happened. one
week there's a sighting.
the next week there's a sighting.
There's gotta be a connection.
but I can't quite find it.
So what I decided to do
is find a focal point.
The focal point that
I've found is right here
in North Carolina. there's
been reports of sightings
but there's no evidence
of the actual sightings.
- [Jessica] No photos. no anything?
- No photos. no documentation.
but it's just endless.
These people are saying
they're seeing clowns
but there's no documentation.
Just like all across America
there is documentation of these sightings.
So I think that's a great focal point.
- [Jessica] Yeah. we should
definitely start there.
- [Todd] This is a good spot.
You ready for your reporter debut?
- Here?
- Yeah.
I think it's good. what
you think. like outside?
Yeah. this is great.
- In front of a fountain.
yeah. sure. why not?
- [Todd] Let me go grab the tripod.
- Okay. I'll set up.
So we've been investigating
these clown sightings
and although they
started in South Carolina
they've become somewhat of an epidemic.
I mean. it's been as
far west as Washington.
down to Texas. up in New York
and we actually read
about a couple sightings
in Europe and Australia.
So it seems to be happening
all over the place
and people don't know
why or how it's connected
and they're going further
than scaring people.
They're actually hurting some
people and committing crimes.
So it's a much more serious situation
than we thought at first.
We're going to try and
get to the bottom of it
and hopefully we'll discover more soon.
Why are you still filming?
- [Todd] Because we have to
film anything and everything.
Now get in the car.
- An evil clown expert?
Where did you even find this guy?
- [Todd] I told you I made a
post online and he commented.
- You found him online?
- [Todd] Yes. he sounded really smart.
I mean. our goal is to
interview a clown. right?
- Yeah. yeah. and I mean.
he's an evil clown expert.
He must know all about this stuff.
What did he get. like his
masters in cloud expertise
and PhD in evil. or?
- [Todd] Are you seriously
joking right now?
- No. I'm genuinely curious as to
how one becomes an evil clown expert.
I guess the first question
is how does one become
an expert in evil clowns?
- Well. it's a long story.
but to make it short.
I went to the circus a lot as
a kid and I loved the clowns.
And when I became a historian.
well clowns became a natural
focus of my research.
But what really grabbed me was
when I started seeing things
in the historical record.
referring to a dark side of clowns.
And it seemed like nobody
wanted to talk about that.
- [Jessica] A dark side. can
you elaborate on that a bit?
- Yes. well. there were
clowns that were. well. evil.
Evil clowns.
- Evil ones?
- Yeah.
- [Jessica] For example?
- Well. it's hard to say.
but there are clowns that
that you've been seeing.
You asked me to come and talk
about these creepy clowns
and there are creepy clowns
but those creepy clowns
are kind of regular clowns
with a little twist.
They're not evil.
- [Jessica] So the ones in
the sightings you're saying
aren't dangerous. aren't evil?
- Oh no. no. no.
The ones that you see are out there
because they wish to be seen.
They want to entertain.
If you go to a horror movie
and you see something
horrible and you go (gasping)
and then you go (exhaling).
you know. you laugh.
Creepy clowns are clowns
for that kind of audience.
but they're not evil.
- [Jessica] Okay. so then where would
the evil ones be coming from?
- Well. you've got to sort of.
have you ever heard the expression
never get on the bad side of a clown?
- [Jessica] No.
- Well I guess you'd need to
know some history of clowns.
Do you know where clowns came from?
- [Jessica] Well. they
started from jesters. right?
- Yes. of course. court jesters.
And. well. the problem was that
some of the kings were sadistic.
And if you were a joker
for a sadistic king
you had a very difficult life.
I mean. you were worried
about if you offend him
are you going to be banished or beheaded?
And it's not unreasonable.
It's not. it's not unusual to understand
that some of these jesters
cracked. they went mad.
- [Jessica] Well that
makes sense but I mean.
how do they connect to
the evil clowns of today?
- Well. the clowns that
you're seeing today.
the ones that you see. are creepy.
but they want to be seen.
They want to entertain.
The evil clowns don't wanna be seen.
They are hidden jesters
intent on doing evil.
- [Jessica] So could you tell though.
I mean if you see individual
clowns. for example.
we have actually some photos with us today
and they identify individual
clowns that have been seen.
Is there any way to tell if
it's creepy. if it's evil?
- No. no. no. I. I. here. take them back.
I do not want to make
comments on individual clowns.
I won't do that.
- [Jessica] No. but
this is just explain if-
- No. no. no. I can't do that.
You don't understand.
stop the camera. stop.
- No. it's alright.
Okay. I'm just asking for
help identifying whether this-
- [Doctor] No. no.
look. you don't know it.
but you're at risk.
And my being here puts me at risk
and it's not fooling around.
This is real stuff.
You'd have no idea what would happen
if some of these clowns
come looking for you.
- [Jessica] Right but
don't you think the public
deserves to know about them?
- [Doctor] You want to
kick a hornet's nest?
I mean. is that what you want to do?
We're done here. I want you out of my.
I want you out of my room. out!
- Alright. alright.
- Jess?
- What?
- What do you think?
- What do I think. are
you serious right now?
Crazy.
- That guy was crazy.
- What's wrong with him.
where'd you find him?
- [Todd] Online.
- I hope so.
- Hi. Todd and Jessica
here for another update of-
- Todd. Todd and Jessica?
- Sorry.
- When did we switch that up?
- Okay. okay. let's do
it again. I got this.
- Okay.
- Todd.
- Yeah. okay.
Hi. Todd and Jessica
here for another update
of Behind the Sightings.
Now there are over a hundred
counties in North Carolina
but one county has the
most activity. Nash County.
Now what I've done here is
I've started to plot out
the different sightings.
Now. there. there are
over hundreds of sightings
in this county alone.
For example. this sighting here.
someone was being chased
through the woods.
Now this clown had a knife.
Now the interesting thing
about these sightings is
there's been reports but
there's no documentation.
I think it's a great place to start.
- Wait. there's no evidence whatsoever?
Like no photos. no nothing?
- No photos. just reports.
So I think that these clowns particularly
don't want to be seen.
- But wait. hold on a sec.
'Cause we found that they're pranksters
dressing up as clowns.
Is it possible there are also
pranksters on the other end.
like just calling in clown
sightings where there are none?
I mean. if there's no photos.
- That's a good thought. Jessica.
but I think these clowns
particularly don't want to be seen
because maybe they have
a more sinister agenda.
- Like up to something illegal?
- Yeah. I mean. there's been weapons.
There's been chases.
- But I mean. people say
there have been weapons.
that's what I'm saying.
- This clown right here
broke someone's window.
a car window.
- Maybe the guy just broke his window
and wanted insurance or
something. I don't know.
I'm just saying that before
we decided to focus here
we should maybe get a little proof
of something actually going on.
- What are you doing?
This isn't. seriously?
- What?
- We're trying to do
a fucking update here.
- I know. I'm just saying that like-
- You're not believing anything I said.
I've done research all day long.
- Relax. relax. that's
not what I'm saying.
All I'm saying is that we should make sure
this is where we wanna start
because otherwise it makes
no sense to do the update
and end up starting somewhere else.
- I've done like 10 hours of research.
This is the place to start.
- I'm not discussing that.
- This is the only place in North Carolina
that doesn't have any
documentation of the sightings.
- Well maybe because there's no clowns.
- That's what I'm trying to
get across to the people.
- Okay. okay. we'll get some
proof with post or something
and then go. I just don't
think we should go out.
you know. running over Nash
County if we don't have
even a single photo.
- Okay. you know what. why
don't you do the research?
- Are you seriously-
- Yeah. you can go and do it.
Yeah. just go ahead.
You know what. we'll do this again.
In our last update Jess
was kind of skeptical
about starting in Nash County
because there was no proof.
but guess what. I got some news for her.
Hey baby. hey. so I was just wondering.
do you remember the last update we did?
- Yeah.
- [Todd] Anything particular?
- You were talking about starting where
there are clown sightings but
no clown photos or something.
- [Todd] Yeah. I think I
remember we were focusing
on Nash County but you were skeptical
because there's no proof.
only reports. is that right?
- Right.
- [Todd] Well guess who got 27
emails from different people
in Nash County reporting clown sightings.
- You did?
- I did.
That's cool.
- Yeah.
- [Todd] So where do you
think we should start. Jess?
- So today we have a
pretty big day ahead of us.
Thanks to Todd who got 27 emails
from people in Nash County
who all have reportedly seen clowns.
So we're gonna meet up with
them. do some interviews.
some of them said they have
proof and documentation
so we can finally get some of that.
And yeah. just kind of see
what their experience was
because we know everyone has
had different experiences
with different clowns in different areas.
So maybe we'll get some light shed.
(Jessica vomiting)
- [Todd] Jess. you all right?
- Yeah. get the camera out. please.
This girl lives far out.
- [Todd] It's pretty cool out here.
- Yeah. it's gorgeous.
So what did she tell you exactly?
- [Todd] I don't know. she
said she saw some clowns.
So we're trying to.
she really didn't give
me much information.
- My stomach's a little weird.
- [Todd] I think it's
coming up here on the right.
- [Jessica] Okay.
- Let's go.
- Let's do it.
Alright.
(door knocking)
I don't see anyone. but oh. here she is.
Hey. Shannon?
- Hi.
- Hi. I'm Jessica. this is
my husband Todd right there.
- Nice to meet you.
- Hi-
- I didn't realize you were
going to be filming already.
- [Todd] We're just trying
to document everything.
- Yeah. we need to get
everything on camera
for the interview we discussed.
Is that alright?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
I mean. do you want to tell
us about the clown sighting
and what you saw. what happened?
Just as much detail as
you can will be great.
- Oh. well I've seen two.
I saw one over at the
park on the straightaways.
You know. kids have been
saying for a long time
that they've seen clowns down there
but I thought it was just kids
just being kids. you know?
And I saw one.
- What was it like. what did it do?
- It's just wearing a clown suit.
Just waved at me.
I'm sorry. can you turn the camera off?
It's making me very uncomfortable.
- I'm sorry. it's just. we really need
to get all the footage
for. just to be in the-
- [Todd] Just a few more questions.
- Yeah. just a couple
more questions please?
'Cause we really want to know.
So have your friends seen any clowns?
I mean. was it wearing anything special?
Did it threaten anyone in some way?
- There was another one.
- Okay.
- He wasn't wearing a
clown suit or anything.
It was just camouflage
and an orange shirt.
- He was wearing camo. what did he do?
- Just freaked me out.
I just got a really bad feeling about it.
So the next day my friend got hurt.
I'm sorry. I don't wanna
talk about this anymore.
No. I'm sorry. I'm done.
- Just what happened to your
friend though specifically.
it really helps to know.
- I'm done.
- Shannon. you answered our post.
- You need to leave my house.
All right. you can get
off my porch. please.
- But you called us for an interview.
What the hell just happened?
- [Todd] What was that all about?
- Why is that girl so freaked?
Didn't she call us for an interview?
I'm so confused. what
did she want exactly?
- Good job. you're ruthless though.
That was crazy.
So we've been searching
for clowns all this time.
I thought it'd be fun to
wake Jessica up with one.
Here we go.
Jess. honey. wake up.
Babe. we got an interview today.
Wake up.
Wake up!
(Jess screaming)
(Jess mumbling)
- Success!
- I hate you so much.
- Hey. I thought we were
trying to look for clowns.
We're gonna take to the street
to find out the public's opinion
about the clown sightings across America.
Hi. excuse me. can I ask you
guys a couple of questions?
- Sure.
- We're doing a documentary
on the clown sightings. here.
- We're researching the clown sightings
that have been taking
place all across the US.
Have you heard about them.
what do you think of them?
- Yeah. I've heard about them.
I think it's mass hysteria.
- Really?
- Yeah. I don't think
there's anything to it.
- The only thing I've heard is like.
I have four boys and they're obsessed
by watching the YouTube videos.
So they sit around daily
and just like one after
the other. after the other.
So that's all I've really seen.
- Yeah. I heard about it.
My mom is like. hey. be careful.
- I've heard a lot about
clowns coming out of the woods.
But other than that. I mean.
I haven't seen any clowns.
- Terrorizing children.
It sounds like an epidemic
from the way the news is making it.
- I don't want to be rude or anything.
but it's mainly you white
people that's out in the woods.
- I think they're just people dressing up
and trying to get a laugh or something.
Or maybe just scare people.
- A bunch of stoner idiots. right?
- Are y'all afraid of clowns?
- I'm afraid of them. I don't like them.
- No!
- Are you kidding.
they're so spooky looking.
- No. you're just taking it too far.
- [Jessica] Sir. even
with the serious incidents
that have happened?
- Pardon me?
- Even with the serious incidents
that have happened. you don't?
- I don't get stressed out
and things like that. no.
- Well what would you
do if you saw clown now?
What if a clown came up to you now?
- I'd laugh and I'd accept it as a clown.
- You would laugh. you wouldn't be afraid?
- No.
- You're crazy.
- The individual has some
type of mental illness.
- Somebody needs to pray for these people.
- I think they're creepy
personally. but that's me.
And I'm not a young child.
- I mean. would you ever dress
up like a clown like that
and scare people?
- Maybe.
- I know they banned them
for Halloween. right?
Like they couldn't use
any of the clown costumes
or anything like that.
- [Jessica] I think so. yeah.
- Or in some states maybe they did that.
- I can't wait for the day
they come up with someone
who has a gun. just shoots one of them.
Serve 'em right.
- Have you ever heard of
the term clown lives matter?
- The term what. clown.
are you serious right now?
- I'm dead serious.
- How about black lives matter. okay?
- Of course. but-
- We got people that are supposed to be
in authority killing us.
Black lives matter. that's what matters.
- Clown lives matter is a very real group.
- I don't have time for that.
Are you serious right now?
- I'm dead serious.
- Clown lives matter?
- And with that what did
you tell your children to do
if they saw a clown?
- Well. if somebody
approaches them to run away.
We had a conversation. other than that.
- And call the authorities?
- Yeah.
- Wonderful. thank you guys for your time.
- You're welcome.
- Thank you.
- [Todd] So Jessica. tell us your opinion
about the general
public's interviews today.
- I thought it was really cool.
A lot of people already
knew about the sightings
which is great for us.
It makes our jobs easier.
- [Todd] Yeah. pretty crazy.
Who's this guy?
- I have no idea.
- Hey. y'all are the ones
looking for the clowns?
- We're here with Sam who saw
a real live clown sighting
up close just near here.
And if you could tell us a
bit about it. that'd be great.
- Yeah. shit. it was me and
a couple of my homeboys.
you know. we was just riding around.
headed to our usual spot
where we turned up at
down on Peachtree Way. It was
in the cut. it's a dead end
so. you know. one of
the few places we can go
and smoke our smoke and drink our drink
without the police bothering us and shit.
So. you know. after a
little while. you know.
we turn it up. having a good time
and then we thought we saw
some shit in the woods.
So we got a little bit
closer to just make sure
it wasn't just the liquor fucking with us.
And when we got closer
it was a God damn clown. man.
- In the woods?
- In the fucking woods.
- What was he doing?
- Shit. one of 'em ran out in the street.
started dancing and
shit. acting all crazy.
I don't know if he was
trying to scare us or what
but it actually was crazy.
- Wow. I mean have you
been back there since?
Have you seen them again?
- Hell no. we haven't
been back there since.
We heard them motherfuckers
is down there every night.
We don't fuck with no clowns like that.
- Every night?
- Every nights is what I was told.
- Well. do you have
directions to this place?
You remember where it is. right?
- [Todd] We don't actually.
we don't need directions.
- We definitely do need
directions to a clown sighting.
Yeah. can you point out the way
or just write out some directions?
- I tell you what. give me a minute.
I'll write the directions out for you.
- Awesome. thank you so much.
What do you mean we don't need?
- You could read my writing. right?
- Yeah. I got it man. thanks.
- Now listen. if some shit
happens there to y'all.
don't come looking for me.
- All right. thank you.
- [Todd] Okay. yeah. y'all be careful.
It sounds like a fucking setup.
- Can you.
Hey guys so after discussing it for a bit.
we decided we're gonna
follow up Sam's story
and head out to Peachtree Way at night.
Hopefully we get to
experience a clown sighting
for ourselves and of course.
document it all on camera.
So we're going to have
some equipment with us
that actually you can
explain cause I don't get it.
- So both. as Jessica was saying.
we're gonna have certain
equipment. some for safety.
we're gonna have two
cameras rolling at all times
to document the clown sightings.
For safety. Sam said it's a dead end road
so we're going to park so
our car is facing the exit.
If we need to get out. we can.
Also. I've got this
military grade flashlight.
It's pretty cool. it's
got like five settings.
So basic flashlight.
it's a little dimmer.
I know there's a. yeah. there's
a self-defense mechanism.
Now this comes in handy in
case anything goes wrong.
So. come with us as we try to experience
a real life clown sighting.
- Do you think we will?
- [Todd] Do you know where the turn is?
- [Jessica] Should be coming up.
Oh wait. yeah.
I think so.
Alright.
(blinker clicking)
So we are going down Peachtree Way
to hopefully spot some clown. oh wow.
(Jessica whispering)
- [Todd] Oh my God. look at this place.
- [Jessica] My God.
- [Todd] This is insane.
- [Jessica] This is creepy.
We better see some clowns out here.
- [Todd] I feel like
this would be the place.
It's freaking pitch dark.
- [Jessica] Yeah.
All right. I'm gonna turn around.
- [Todd] Yeah. just like turn around
so if we have to get out we can.
Yeah. try and point your lights towards.
- [Jessica] Yeah. yeah.
(mumbling)
- [Todd] Oh my God. are you nervous?
- A little. you ready for this?
- [Todd] I was born ready.
- [Jessica] Oh my God. it's gonna be epic.
Like look at this place right now.
If I can get a video of a
clown. like right down here.
- [Todd] Come on. clowny clowns.
(giggling)
- [Jessica] I doubt they're
gonna respond to that.
How far are we from like anywhere
at the moment. any place?
- [Todd] I was actually
wondering the same thing.
You know what else sounds
kind of fun to do out here?
- What?
- [Todd] Well. we haven't
broken in our car yet.
- True.
- Hey.
- But I think it'll be hard
for you to keep filming.
- [Todd] Why?
I think the audience would love it.
Come on. show us a little skin.
- No.
- Come on.
- Just a little bit.
- Just a little bit?
- Yeah.
- Just like right here.
- Woo!
Hey. I'll turn the camera
away. you show me your boobs.
- [Jessica] Hey!
- [Todd] It is pretty
creepy out here though.
- [Jessica] Ya think?
- [Todd] Like if you actually
saw one. what would you do?
- [Jessica] What would I do?
I mean. I would try
obviously to tell you to
get the best shot of it.
And then I'd runaway like
hell. that's what I'd do.
- [Todd] Do you have any
service on your phone?
- [Jessica] I have absolutely nothing.
- [Todd] Yeah. me neither.
- [Jessica] Great.
- [Todd] Man. this is. this
is officially exhausting.
- [Jessica] How long have we been here?
- [Todd] Two and a half hours now.
- [Jessica] Jesus.
- [Todd] I know. we didn't see anything.
It's like. is this the wrong place?
- [Jessica] No. he said Peachtree Way.
This is Peachtree Way.
- [Todd] You sure you
didn't write the directions?
- [Jessica] No. I'm sure I wrote it right.
All right. let's leave.
- [Todd] I don't know.
Holy fuck!
- What just happened?
- [Todd] There was a fucking clown
right outside your window!
- [Jessica] I definitely saw something-
- Grab the tripod!
- Yeah. gotcha.
I can't see anything.
- [Todd] Just be careful.
Who is that?
- I don't know.
- [Todd] Hey!
- [Jessica] Now what the fuck is he doing?
- I have no idea.
- Oh my gosh. this is gold!
Just keep filming. I'm
gonna get a closer look.
- [Jessica] Okay. be careful. please.
- [Todd] Holy shit!
Nice dance moves.
I waited a long time for you. buddy.
- [Jessica] Todd. please
don't go too far. Todd.
- He's just dancing.
- [Jessica] Oh God.
- [Todd] Is this a fucking joke?
Amazing.
(bushes rustling)
- [Jessica] Todd. look
out. right behind you!
- Holy shit!
- Holy fuck!
- [Todd] Fuck.
- [Jessica] Jesus. how
many of them are there?
- Did you get that?
- I got that!
- Oh my God. this is fucking amazing.
- [Jessica] You see 'em?
- [Todd] I want to get a better look.
- [Jessica] Todd. I don't
think that's a great idea.
- Just get in the car.
- [Jessica] Oh jeez. fuck.
- [Todd] Fuck he go?
Shit.
God. you fucking fuck.
Oh shit.
Hey. we just want an interview!
(Jess screaming)
Jess!
Oh fuck. fuck!
Shit!
(heavy breathing)
The fuck!
Oh shit.
Jess. can you hear me?
Oh fuck. shit!
Come on. man. leave us alone!
Jess!
Oh shit!
Fuck!
Jess!
I can't find my way out!
I'm fucking lost!
What the fu-
Hey. come on. man. go on home!
Go on.
(banging)
Get off me. get off me!
(Todd screaming)
Get off of me!
Jess!
Fuck. shit. fuck!
Jess. help. Jess!
Jess. can you hear me?
- [Jessica] Todd. follow
the sound of my voice!
- [Todd] Jess. get in the car!
Get in the fucking car!
- Okay!
- They're trying to kill us!
Get in the car!
- [Jessica] What happened?
Oh my God. you're bleeding.
- Get in the car and start going!
- Where?
- Just drive. he'll move!
Shit. go.
Fuck.
Get out of here. we gotta get out of here.
- [Jessica] What the
fuck happened back there?
- Just go.
Fuck. I don't have my wallet.
It could be. it could
be in the fucking woods.
I'm not going back.
- [Jessica] I mean. I don't
know. Oh my God. Todd. Todd.
- You know what. fuck this. man.
What's up. motherfucker?
Come on. tell me where my wallet is.
- [Jessica] Todd. what are
you doing? Please get back.
- I ain't fucking scared of you!
Fuck you!
Man. fuck this.
- [Jessica] Baby.
- Shit. he's got a fucking!
- Oh my God. run now. Todd!
I mean. obviously neither of
us got much sleep last night
but with everything that
happened out at Peachtree
it was honestly. it was pretty weird
and we got a little freaked out
and I'm not sure what to make of it yet.
I mean. it was really crazy
and I'm trying to figure out
what our next step should be.
But I do know that I want
to get to the bottom of this
and what the hell went
on there last night.
We still can't find
Todd's wallet anywhere.
I'm hoping he's lost it
somewhere around the house
or outside the car.
I mean. he canceled all his credit card.
called his bank and everything.
But yeah. we still don't know where it is.
At least his nose is fine.
It's not broken like I
thought it might be yesterday.
just a little bruised up.
but he's a little freaked
out and honestly. I get it.
But I do think that people deserve to know
what's been going on because it just-
- [Todd] Jess. you got a minute?
I want to show you the cameras.
- What cameras?
- Since we can't find my wallet
I think need to take some
extra security measures.
so I've got now eyes on
the front of the house
and the back of the house at all times.
I want you to see these.
- [Jessica] Okay.
- So this is a camera right here. right?
This camera will get anybody
that walks up to this door.
So I need you to check the cameras
before anyone comes in the door.
- [Jessica] I will. but don't
you think this is kind of-
- You got it?
- [Jessica] Don't you
think it's a little much.
having security cameras?
- No. check the cameras. okay?
I want to show you how it works.
- [Jessica] Alright. I will. I will.
- These cameras come with an app.
so you don't have to come to the monitor
to check the cameras. you
check 'em on your phone.
- Babe. I mean cameras. apps. this is.
it's a little overkill. don't you think?
- Overkill?
- [Jessica] Look. I know what
happened freaked us out a bit.
But honestly I think
we keep investigating.
we keep pressing and we find
out what is behind all this.
- I guess we do need to let people know.
- [Jessica] Yeah.
- But I think we need to go about this
a little more cautiously.
That's why I installed the cameras.
- [Jessica] No. I agree.
We should be cautious and
you know. pay more attention.
But I mean. you're still with me on this.
you're not having second
thoughts. are you?
- I'm not having second thoughts.
I mean. I'm a little freaked out. Jess.
- I get that. I get that.
I totally understand that.
I'm just saying that no matter what.
we should really keep going on this.
So you guys probably
realize I've been kind of
out of it the last two weeks.
Like my stomach's been really off
and I've been a little moody
and I've kind of been trying to understand
what's been going on 'cause I
didn't really feel sick. sick.
but just weird.
And I don't know why I
didn't put it together before
but it dawned on me today and.
- [Todd] This is the road.
- [Jessica] Yeah. we are
heading to Old Wayne Mill
for some reason. do you
wanna explain. Todd?
- [Todd] Yeah. this guy Dave called me
and said he had a clown on camera.
Here. turn right.
I mean it's the only guy out here. right?
- [Jessica] It's the only guy
for a hundred miles around it seems.
- [Todd] Just pull up right next to him.
- [Jessica] Yeah.
- [Todd] Let's just be careful. alright?
Hey.
- Hey.
- Dave?
- Dave. yeah.
- How you doing?
- Good to meet you.
- [Todd] Nice to meet you.
this is my wife. Jessica.
- Hi. nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
- [Todd] So you got something for us?
- Well. I got me a wildlife camera
set up about 100 yards
back in the woods there.
watching the game trail.
Usually keep track of
the deer and wildlife.
critters like that.
But the other day I got me a clown.
- [Todd] A clown. you sure?
- Oh yeah. clear as could be.
It's just about 100 yards back.
My trail is marked with orange
ribbons. you can't miss it.
- [Todd] Alright. should
we just take the camera?
Maybe get ahold of you later?
- You can go ahead and take the camera.
Leave it right here by this pole.
You can keep the flash drive.
- [Todd] All right.
alright. thanks a lot. Dave.
- Sure thing.
Good luck.
- Take it easy.
- [Jessica] Thank you.
- [Todd] He said look for the ribbons.
- All right.
Oh. there's one right there.
See. I'm getting it already.
All right.
- [Todd] Is that the
second one's right there?
- Yep.
- [Todd] All right. Jess. just be careful.
Just run and grab it.
- Alright. fine. you wanted the footage.
- [Todd] I wanna kind
of see what's out here.
- [Jessica] I got it right here.
- [Todd] Did you find it?
- Yep.
- [Todd] Nice. and get
the. get the memory card.
- Yeah. yeah. I gotta
find it. give me a sec.
- [Todd] All right. let's
go. let's get out of here.
- Okay. can you. I'm
coming as fast as I can.
- [Todd] I know. I just get a
weird feeling from this place.
- You get a weird feeling from everything.
So Todd's been obsessed
going through this footage
the hunter down at the mill gave us
for the last couple days.
I mean. there are hours
and hours of footage.
I have no idea where this guy.
how long has recording in the woods for.
So far I think he's gotten
like three squirrels
and a couple of deer so not
super helpful for our purposes
but hopefully-
- Hey. you gotta see this.
- Okay. what's up?
- Okay.
- [Jessica] Jeez.
- That's the guy that
assaulted me in the woods.
- [Jessica] The same one. are you sure?
- I'm fucking positive. Jessica.
Look at what. what is he even carrying?
You see that?
- I don't know! I see it.
I'm just saying it's it's not really easy
to tell what's in there.
- [Todd] Look how big he
is. like this guy is huge.
- [Jessica] Yeah.
- I'm telling you. I
think this is all we need.
I got one more inquiry
about an interview today.
It's about this guy that
owns a convenience store
said that there some
clown activity. that's it.
But this compiled with Peachtree
Way and this interview.
I think that's it.
- [Jessica] I mean. babe. sorry.
I just really don't think that's enough.
I mean. ideally I'd love to
get an interview with this guy
and see what the hell they're
up to and what's going on.
I mean. this is enough for what?
We don't even know what he's carrying.
We don't know why they're
out there still. it's really-
- I don't wanna find
out what he's carrying.
This is crazy!
- [Jessica] Well I mean. how about this?
He could be a poacher.
think of it that way.
- A poacher in a clown
mask. that's a new thing.
Why the heck-
- No. okay. but that's what I'm saying.
Everyone's too scared
to go near the forest.
Maybe that's what they want.
- I've never heard of anyone
poaching in a clown mask.
Come on. Jessica. let's be real.
Like when are you done. huh?
- When I get an interview.
when I get to the bottom of
this. that's when I'm done.
So apparently there was
a clown sighting here
and the manager got in touch with us
that his clerk saw clowns.
And Todd's gonna try to
get an interview with him.
So hopefully.
- [Todd] Alright. he
agreed to do an interview.
- Yeah. awesome.
- [Todd] Yeah. let me get the camera.
- Sure.
- Hey. you already got that
thing. Nice to meet you.
- [Todd] So you said you saw
some clowns come through here?
- Yeah. yeah. I didn't see
'em myself. my clerk did.
It was a couple of clowns.
come in with a girl.
He said that the girl came
running and she was screaming.
went to the back and a clown came in.
stood right in front of him
and then a second clown came in.
ran back to get the girl and they left.
I mean. he was pretty freaked out.
- Did he say what the clowns look like?
- You know. a couple of
clowns. I don't know.
- [Todd] Anybody call the police?
- I mean. yeah. he was kind of dumbfounded
and just stood there.
But then after he called the police
and they came out and then
he called me and he quit.
- Damn.
Do you by any chance have cameras
or anything in this store?
- Oh yeah. got my camera right there.
I told the police. you know.
I keep it there for robberies. you know.
any kind of thefts in here. stealing.
clerk's going to sleep.
but they didn't want
anything to do with it.
- So you still have the footage?
- Oh yeah. yeah. got
the footage right here.
- [Todd] Can we take a look at the tapes?
- Ah. nah. nah.
- [Todd] Come on.
- I mean. if I'm going
to show you the footage
I'm going to need a little
bit of compensation for it.
I mean. you know. I
figured you movie people.
you got some money. so.
- We're not. we're just filming this.
- [Todd] You got the wrong
idea. it's just me and her.
We're just trying to document this.
trying to find more about these sightings.
We've had some crazy experiences ourself.
- Yeah. yeah. but you know.
I know how the movies work
and stuff and you know
if you want to see this
tape right here then-
- [Todd] 20 bucks.
- Todd!
- Just chill.
- Can we. I'm sorry.
can we take a look first
and see if there's actually
anything on the tape?
- Nah. nah.
- Seriously?
- You're either gonna have
to pay me or you can leave.
- [Todd] 30 bucks.
- Look. is that camera's still on?
- I'll turn it off.
- Alright. turn it off.
- I got the tape. I got the tape!
Who's your man?
- You lost 40 bucks.
- Hey. 40 bucks is nothing.
If we can connect these clowns
with the clowns at Peachtree Way
we can slam these motherfuckers!
- [Jessica] Question. do
we have a VCR at home?
- Of course. we have a
VCR. everybody has a-
- [Jessica] Whoa!
- Fuck does this guy want?
What?
- Gimme the tape.
- No. I gave you 40 bucks.
- Really?
What is it. 1990 still?
Nobody uses videotapes.
Here's the flash drive
with all the footage.
Fucking idiot.
(ominous music)
- You guys have to see this.
So someone decided to leave a clown doll
right outside our door.
which is super weird.
- Will you put that doll down!
- Jeez. sorry.
- [Todd] Now just watch.
- Think it's a prank?
- Why would he put
a fucking doll there?
- Maybe it's a prank.
- I don't know.
- Could it have just been a joke?
- I think it could be
a camera or something.
- Come on. Todd.
- My fucking wallet.
- What?
- Fuck this doll.
Make sure everything's in there. please.
- Oh my God.
This motherfucker dropped my wallet.
This is. I told you.
- Okay. okay. so that's
how he knew our address.
- Everything's there. but this
is a fucking threat. Jess.
- It's a threat?
Everything's there!
- We need to go to the cops.
- And tell them what. that
they returned a wallet
with everything in it?
- No. tell them that we have surveillance
of a clown dropping off
this stupid fucking doll
and my wallet which we lost in the woods.
- And what are the cops
gonna do about that?
They stole nothing and they dropped a doll
outside our house.
I'm not in the mood for this.
- You're not in the mood for this?
- [Jessica] I'm not brushing it off.
I'm just thinking. if they were bad guys
wouldn't they have taken something?
- Is this a prank on me? Like
are you fucking in on it?
- [Jessica] I don't know what it is!
- Why would you not get
the reality of this shit?
- [Jessica] You wanna go to the cops
and tell them that a
clown dropped off a doll
outside our house. they're
gonna laugh at us. Todd.
I understand. I'm not saying
it's not creepy. Todd.
I'm not saying it's not weird.
All I'm saying is the
police aren't gonna do shit.
All your credit cards were in there.
- This is a threat. Jessica.
What's gonna happen next?
So here's one of the last video updates.
I've reviewed all of the footage we have
from the convenient
footage. convenience store.
Peachtree Way. and these
clowns are not pranksters.
These clowns are real.
They are causing. they have weapons.
They are making. this is the crazy part
of what we're trying to investigate.
I think we've gone too far.
Jess is freaking out.
- [Jessica] Todd. are
we still talking about
these fucking clowns right now?
- Yes. they came to our house.
Will you just give me a minute?
- [Jessica] They came to our house
and dropped off a wallet and a doll.
- Will you just please give me a minute?
I'm talking to the camera.
Will you give me a minute?
- [Jessica] Can we discuss
what you're talking
to the camera about?
'Cause all they did was
drop off your fucking wallet
and again we're making it
a whole issue and I just.
I'm not in the mood.
- Can you please. please?
- What?
- Okay.
- [Jessica] Seriously. are
you ignoring me right now?
- In the convenience store footage
we saw the clowns in the woods.
we saw the clown with the
machete and I saw Shannon.
Now I've emailed Shannon to
make sure that this is real.
- [Jessica] Yeah. and
Shannon. we interviewed her
a few days later and she was fine.
That's what I'm saying.
There's not a problem
with these fucking clowns.
- Do you want to do this?
- Yeah. we are gonna do this right now.
- Here. sit down. fucking do it.
- [Jessica] Really. that's
how you're gonna be?
- [Todd] Yeah. go ahead.
- All right. here's the update.
The clowns returned a wallet. Todd.
- Fucking do it!
- I'm doing it!
The clowns returned a
wallet and left a doll
and we're still making
this a huge fucking issue.
That is the update.
Do you want to come and add something on?
- [Todd] You got it. baby.
- You have to relax about this.
I'm tired of hearing about this shit.
Can you please come back here?
- No.
- Seriously right now.
- [Todd] Fuck no.
You wanted to do it. do it.
- [Jessica] I did it.
I said everything that
I think has happened.
- [Todd] No. you sat down
like a little sarcastic bitch.
Now. if you want to do it. do it.
- [Jessica] What the
fuck did you just say?
- [Todd] That's exactly what I said.
Now do you want me to do my fucking job
or do you wanna do it?
- [Jessica] Your fucking job?
I thought we were doing
this together. I'm sorry.
- So.
the clowns in the convenience store.
the clowns at Peachtree Way
and the clowns at Old Wayne
Mill are not fucking around.
- [Jessica] All I'm saying
is we can't be sure of that.
That's what I'm saying.
- Jess. come on!
- [Jessica] Don't fucking scream. please.
- I'm not gonna fucking
sit here and do this
with you sitting in the
back telling me what to say!
- [Jessica] What the fuck
do you want me to do?
You want me to just leave right now?
- Yes. leave!
- [Jessica] Oh great. fuck. great.
- We might have a potential
interview with clowns.
Shannon emailed us back.
Do you want me to read it?
- Yeah. yeah. read it.
- I want to be clear about this.
The convenience store was a prank.
Sorry to have dragged you guys into this
but if you really wanted to
they said they would do an
interview with you guys.
They will be waiting
for you guys on Friday
down at the Old Wayne Mill.
Helper asked me to send this to you.
He said that they'll meet you on a bridge.
Never done this before
but they're interested in talking to you.
They want to meet at night.
- [Jessica] That could work.
It would be moodier shot.
We gotta get this interview.
What?
- Look at this picture.
- [Jessica] Well. that's weird and creepy.
like all the sightings have been though.
I mean they're pranksters.
babe. that's what they do.
They're just trying to scare us. I guess.
I mean. Shannon said they're
her friends. she knows them.
Please. this is huge. please.
- I don't want anything to happen to you.
- [Jessica] Nothing's
gonna happen. Todd. please.
- I'm tired of all the
shit I've been through.
- [Jessica] I know.
- Can we just take the
footage that we have
and fucking wrap this up?
- [Jessica] I mean. this
interview would make the film.
Babe. nothing's gonna happen to us.
- There's been a lot of discussion
about whether we should move forward.
I think Jess was right.
You know. this is our dream.
It's been our dream for a long time.
It's what honestly brought us together
so we're gonna do this.
Hey. come here.
- What's up?
- Just telling the
camera how we're about to
go get some clowns to interview.
- Okay.
- I love you.
Sorry.
- Love you.
I'm glad.
All right. you ready?
- Yeah. let's do it.
- Okay.
- Is that the gate?
- Yes.
It's here.
This place looks weird at night.
(speaker voice muffled)
- [Todd] Look at that house.
I don't even remember
seeing that in the daytime.
- [Jessica] Yeah.
Where did he say he's gonna be?
- [Todd] Said he was on a bridge.
Whoa.
Just watch it.
Oh. that's where we. that's
where we found the game cam.
- [Jessica] Oh yeah.
I'm trying to watch here
but can't see a damn thing.
- [Todd] Oh. look at that.
Let's turn around so-
- [Jessica] Yeah. I'm
just gonna park here.
- [Todd] Yeah. well. let's turn around
so we can get out if we need to.
He said the bridge. I think-
- Do you see anything?
- [Todd] I thought the path
was actually when we pulled in
I thought I saw a little
glimpse of the path.
- [Jessica] Oh fine.
- Maybe you should pull
up a little bit more
just so we can. let's just get on the road
so in case we have to get out of here
we can just hightail out of here.
Try to stay close.
This has gotta be it. I mean.
this is the bridge. right?
- [Jessica] I guess.
- Wait.
- What?
- [Todd] That's him.
All right. let's just.
- Alright.
- [Todd] He's just like
tilting his head all creepy.
Motherfucker.
All right.
Hang on. Jess. stop.
- What?
- Stay here. okay?
- Okay. I'll just keep filming.
- Hey. what's up man?
How's it going?
So. we got your message.
So I guess the first question is
like what the hell are
you guys doing out here?
Are you just trying to scare people?
You gonna say anything?
Come on. man.
Talk to us.
Can you say anything?
Can you. can you tell the camera anything?
We're. come on. anything.
Come on. man.
You know anything about Peachtree Way?
Fuck this.
Should we just pack up or?
- I mean.
Todd. Todd!
(banging)
Oh my God!
Fuck!
Get the fuck away from!
Who are you?
Todd. Todd!
- Fucking. where the fuck am I?
Fucking untie me. untie me!
Untie me now. I'm fucking
done with this shit!
Fucking untie me!
Jessica. help!
Get the fuck off of me!
(slapping)
Get the fuck off of me. freak!
I'm done with this shit!
Turn the camera off. I'm fucking done!
Turn that fucking camera off!
Get the fuck off of me.
Get the fuck off me. help. help!
Get off of me.
Where the fuck am I?
Untie me!
I swear I'm gonna fucking kill you.
Jessica. help!
Fucking I'm-
- Help!
Help!
Is someone there?
Is there anyone in there?
Hello?
(Jess screaming)
Can anyone hear me?
- Fucking I'm done. fucking stop!
I'm done with this shit!
Stop!
- [Jessica] I need help.
Oh thank God.
Oh fuck.
What do you want?
Help. is anyone there. can you hear me?
Help!
- Get the fuck away from me.
Get the fuck away from
me. you fucking freak!
(spitting)
Get the fuck away from me!
Let go. get the fuck
outta here. let me out!
Let me the fuck out!
Where's Jessica?
Where is Jessica?
Hey freak. look at me. you fucking freak!
Where's Jessica?
Fuck.
Yeah. fucking fuck you. man.
I'm done with this shit!
Fucking. get that fucking shit away.
Get the fucking shit away from me!
Get the fuck off of me!
Help!
Dude.
Please. please don't. man.
Please. man. we didn't
do anything. please.
There's nothing. don't. fuck no. fuck!
Where's Jessica?
Please. just don't fucking
hurt Jessica. okay?
Please. do whatever you want.
fucking don't hurt Jessica.
Fine. I'll fucking wear
it. I'll fucking wear it!
Help!
Please don't hurt Jessica. just please!
Don't hurt Jessica!
Please. please. please.
just don't hurt my wife.
Please. do anything you want.
just don't hurt Jessica!
Help!
Jess. Jessica!
Please.
(sobbing)
Fuck. please. let me out of here please!
Please. just don't hurt Jessica.
you can do whatever you want to me.
just please don't hurt
my wife. please. please.
- [Jessica] Help!
Get away. get away from me!
Leave me alone now!
Fuck!
Help. please help me.
Please help me.
Please.
Is anyone in here?
(Jess screaming)
What did you do with Todd?
(mumbling)
- Please. just don't hurt my wife. please.
No. please.
Please just don't hurt my
wife. please just don't hurt.
Jessica!
Please don't. please
don't. oh God. please!
No please. please.
- Todd?
Todd?
(banging)
(Jess screaming)
Who's there?
Where's Todd?
Don't touch me!
Hey!
Where's Todd?
Please.
Please. I want to go home. please.
Please. please. I swear we
won't come looking again.
You can let us go.
We're not gonna come back.
Did you fucking hear me?
What the fuck?
Please. please. I just wanna go.
(speaker voice muffled)
Why are you doing this?
Will you listen to me. please?
Please. stop. stop. stop it. stop!
You have to listen.
Please.
(Jess squealing)
Oh God!
Please!
'Cause I have a baby. I'm pregnant.
You can't hurt it. you can't hurt it.
(furniture banging)
(punching)
(bag rustling)
(Jess sobbing)
The fuck!
Fuck. fuck do I get out of here?
Todd?
Todd!
I wanna get out. I wanna get out!
Fuck. fuck.
I wanna go home.
(country music)
♪ Now don't you try ♪
Todd!
♪ Don't think you're ♪
What the fuck is this place?
♪ Country boy ♪
Jesus. okay. okay.
(door sliding)
Todd. Todd!
(speaker voice muffled)
What the fuck is this?
(Jess whispering)
Todd. Todd!
The fuck. the fuck is that?
(tarp rustling)
(Jess screaming)
- [Todd] Here's a tune I
just wrote called Jessica.
♪ Your beauty is something I can't deny ♪
♪ Every time I'm with
you feels just right ♪
♪ Jessica ♪
♪ I'll be your man ♪
♪ I'll keep you on when you feel cold ♪
♪ I'll leave you alone ♪
Just kidding. I don't know. that was it.
(ominous music)